README.md, before:

#Steam Bulk Key Activator
=====================

## Activate keys in bulk
######A little macro program that allows you to activate steam keys in bulk

Add a keys.txt file in the root directory of the binary/script.
add 1 key per line and save the file.
run the script/program and it will read line per line of the keys.txt file and activate them one by one in steam.
After a successful activation it will cancel the game's installation so it does not install.
	
Do not touch keyboard and or mouse
you can press escape at any time to cancel the macro

##Download 	

![Release](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/colingg/SteamBulkKeyActivator/master/Recources/web/Releases.png)

[You can download the latest release over here](https://github.com/colingg/SteamBulkKeyActivator/releases)

##Demo
![Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/colingg/SteamBulkKeyActivator/master/Recources/web/demo.gif)

##VAC anti-cheat concerns
This is a script that uses Autohotkey to emulate keyboard and mouse, no reasons to be concerned about VAC. ;)

This script is written in AutoHotKey  
http://ahkscript.org/
>AutoHotkey (AHK) is a free, open-source macro-creation and automation software for Windows that allows users to automate repetitive tasks. It is driven by a scripting language that was initially aimed at providing keyboard shortcuts, otherwise known as hotkeys, that over time evolved into a full-fledged scripting language. 

This is a script that automates the repetitive task of activating steam keys. as this does not inject anything whatsoever you don't have to worry about VAC.

##License
	   Copyright 2014 colingg (colin.gg)

	   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
	   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
	   You may obtain a copy of the License at

		   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

	   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
	   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
	   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
	   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
	   limitations under the License.

Commit message:

fix it, make it work

README.md, after:

Steam Bulk Key Activator
=====================

## Fixed and working fork
The repository is forked from [https://github.com/colingg/SteamBulkKeyActivator](https://github.com/colingg/SteamBulkKeyActivator)

I made some modifications to make it work for steam today.

### New features:

1. Ignore blank lines
2. Ignore lines starting with ```#```
3. Additional ```duplicate.log``` with both CDKEY and the name of the product. You can simply log in another steam account, rename ```duplicate.log``` to ```keys.txt``` and add the duplicate games into the new account. Or, share them with your friend (P.S, As long as the product is in your library, the result will be ```duplicate``` whether or not the CDKEY is redeemed, so it's your job to keep the records).
4. Additional ```failed.log``` with CDKEY in it. If you failed because of ```Too many attempts``` and wish to retry, simply rename ```failed.log``` to ```keys.txt``` and run it again.
5. Additional ```success.log``` with CDKEY in it. 

### Notice:

If english is not your default language, please set the language of windows to english or this script will not function well. (This applies to the original version of this script as well)

If you have an IME, switch it off using ```Win+Space``` before running this script, otherwise nothing will be typed in the CDKEY textbox (the IME will block the script from sending keys into it).

## Activate keys in bulk
######A little macro program that allows you to activate steam keys in bulk

Add a keys.txt file in the root directory of the binary/script.
add 1 key per line and save the file.
run the script/program and it will read line per line of the keys.txt file and activate them one by one in steam.
After a successful activation it will cancel the game's installation so it does not install.
	
Do not touch keyboard and or mouse
you can press escape at any time to cancel the macro

##Download 	

To run it, you only need to download either of the executable in the [Builds](https://github.com/KevinWang15/SteamBulkKeyActivator/tree/master/Builds) folder, nothing else is needed.

##Demo
![Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/colingg/SteamBulkKeyActivator/master/Recources/web/demo.gif)

##VAC anti-cheat concerns
This is a script that uses Autohotkey to emulate keyboard and mouse, no reasons to be concerned about VAC. ;)

This script is written in AutoHotKey  
http://ahkscript.org/
>AutoHotkey (AHK) is a free, open-source macro-creation and automation software for Windows that allows users to automate repetitive tasks. It is driven by a scripting language that was initially aimed at providing keyboard shortcuts, otherwise known as hotkeys, that over time evolved into a full-fledged scripting language. 

This is a script that automates the repetitive task of activating steam keys. as this does not inject anything whatsoever you don't have to worry about VAC.

##License
	   Copyright 2014 colingg (colin.gg)

	   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
	   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
	   You may obtain a copy of the License at

		   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

	   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
	   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
	   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
	   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
	   limitations under the License.
